docs: describe development environment setup (#201)
RobotecAI/rai: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Setting up the development environment

> To get started install RAI from source code using these [instructions](docs/developer_guide.md#developer-environment-setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up your development environment following [the instructions](docs/developer_guide.md#developer-environment-setup).
```
